hey youtube Lexi luxury here was oh you
know the drone before you do anything
hit that subscribe button down here if
you're just on the video up here
somewhere if you're on my channel follow
me on Instagram and snapchat and turn on
your post notifications on YouTube so
today is a very special video near and
dear to my heart we are talking about
this hair yes my hair but also a weave
yes friends this is a weave this is not
in fact hair that grows out of my head
even though it may look like that cuz I
done slayed this unit so this is my Wow
African hair this is the hair that I've
used in everything you've seen it in all
my videos all my pictures this is my wig
like this is my girl like my freakin
homie like this wig who's been with me
through everything so I am about to give
you the ins and outs of this hair what I
did to him how long I've had it for what
texture it is the length everything I'm
spilling the tea limit alright so let's
go ahead and start out with what kind of
hair this is so like I said this is Wow
African hair I only buy my hair from
while African they are the only company
that I trust I know there's a lot of
other really good companies out there
but I have never felt the need to switch
company and I started with Aliexpress
hair which was about as good as
Aliexpress hair can get only less you
know a few months and if you color it
it's a wrap you're done it usually gets
really tangled and I was super sick of
that so I watched a bunch of reviews on
YouTube and I found two out African and
ever since I've been in love also really
quick I just want to say something about
their customer service is amazing if you
don't like a wig you can send it back or
bundles or anything and they will work
with you to get you what you want let's
get into the specs of this hair so this
hair is silky Brazilian natural color
which I believe is like a 1b so that's
pretty black that's like off black the
bundles that I got I believe all of them
are two one
two inches I got these so long ago you
guys I was trying to go through my order
number and literally it was January of
2016 so here we are in December of 2017
it's been two years with these bundles
the bundles were 22 inches I got three
bundles and then I have a 360 lace
frontal which I purchased what did I
purchase this thirty sixty lace frontal
here we go okay so the 360 lace frontal
I purchased in May of 2017 this this may
is 18 inches it was the natural color as
well which was a 1b the lace color is
light brown it does have an adjustable
strap in here as far as all of this hair
goes I guess I'll just start with the
bundles so the bundles obviously like I
said I got about two years ago they were
1b and those were in a wig that I made
as well actually let's go all the way
back those bundles were in a so in that
I wore yes I used to wear sevens I don't
know what I was thinking I was starting
with protective styles and I found out
through trial and error that my hair
type does not like to be in a braid for
that long underneath a cap full of hair
that's not mine I don't know anyways
post showmen I took those bundles out
and I said you know what I'm just gonna
make myself a wig for the first time so
I took those bundles out I showed them
onto a wig cap and I made a wig and I
had just a regular lace frontal with
that which was the same color I ended up
over time over plucking my lace frontal
and we all know that once people over
pluck your lace frontal it's done that's
a wrap like you can't get it back so
long story short after having that wig I
decided that I wanted to get a 360 lace
frontal cuz they just came out off 360
lace frontals were like the new thing
and I wanted to put the bundles that I
had in there just to save money and
because they still were in really good
condition and now we're here
so those bundles have been
through a lot before I put them in the
360 lace frontal I also bleached them
just to get them to this like pretty
brown color this is really really close
to my natural hair color actually which
is kind of what I was trying to pull off
because I do wear my natural hair out
quite often now that I do wear wigs and
I don't have a Scylla and they have the
option to so I definitely wanted to
catfish people into thinking that this
is my natural hair when I straighten it
therefore I bleached it to this color so
I did the same thing to the 360 lace
frontal which is what we're gonna talk
about now so I got the 360 lace frontal
it was the 1b color and then I bleached
it to this color to match the bundles
this hair has been through a lot it's
not like I just picked it up out of the
box and it still looks this way I messed
with it I plucked it I bleached the
knots I bleached the hair the bundles
the 360 lace frontal and I think it
still looks pretty freakin good so
that's the main reason I wanted to go
ahead and do this review today is
because I know when I was looking for
hair and I was trying to find a new
vendor to purchase from that I relied on
YouTube videos and I really just wanted
to see somebody's honest opinion about
the hair and to see how it lasted after
a while like I remember I would always
look up like one year of use or six
months reviews so boom here's a two year
review for you hmm when it comes to
taking care of the hair I didn't do
anything super special I curled his hair
straighten it like I said I colored it
bleached and I throw this thing in a
suitcase like I'll throw it on the floor
sometimes like she's been through a lot
okay
and the fact that she still has this
like luster and shine to it it's amazing
what I love so much about this company
is that they don't try to flex and make
you pay a thousand dollars for hair to
look like this literally if I were to
purchase a wig that comes just like this
I would have to spend like seven hundred
eight hundred dollars I'm not joking you
like we all know this is the truth so
the fact that while African comes
through every
timelike thank you thank you you have
saved my life so yeah to me the fact
that this hair has lasted this long is a
testimony of its own if I were you
watching this video I would go out and
buy some Wow African hair immediately I
know it's a little bit pricier than the
Aliexpress hair that you're getting but
ladies look at this you are not gonna
get this with Aliexpress hair I don't
care who you are I don't care what
vendor you use it's going to suck like
you get what you pay for and in this
case with the wild African you get a
little bit more than what you paid for
it so you want it to last long and look
amazing or do you want it to just look
good for a couple days and then as soon
as you do what you want to it it falls
apart no by the way this video is not
sponsored at all I know I'm like ranting
and raving about this company it's not
sponsored I paid for this hair it wasn't
sent to me okay like I am just a very
very very happy customer and I'm trying
to spill the tea to hook y'all up to let
you know that hair like this does exist
for an affordable price I already know
that I'm gonna have this hair for
another year for sure and I'm definitely
going to get another wig soon but I just
love this one so much everyone thinks
it's my real hair and it's just freaking
great so if any of you guys out there
are looking for a wig or in this case a
wig that you can customize yourself that
you can dye you can bleach you can cut
you can pluck you can switch bundles
around between wigs like wow African Wow
African silky Brazilian straight if you
do have like a kinky or texture to your
hair and you want it to look more
natural I also know that the Brazilian
yaki is bomb as well so there's plenty
of options on that website like I just
wanted to come through and hook you guys
up real quick tell you a little bit
about my hair and if you guys like this
let me know in the comments down below I
would love to give you more videos about
how I style it
and how I take care of that and all that
good stuff so I hope you guys enjoyed
this video I freaking love hair I'm
super passionate about it so you're
gonna see a lot more of these make sure
you subscribe follow me on Instagram and
snapchat and turn on your post
notifications on YouTube so you can know
when I post something new I love y'all
so so much hi